# DABI_ROS
This repository contains development code relevant to the DABI USACE project. 

# Usage
This is intended to be used 'hand in hand' with the mrs_singularity development environment. Prior to using this, a working mrs_singularity image should be built and tested such that the example tmux script runs correctly. 

Then, this repo can be cloned into ~/Documents/ (hard coding this location for now, will change that if needed), and the dabi_wrapper.sh file should be copied into the mrs_singularity directory. 

To open and use the development environment, first open the mrs container by calling the dabi_wrapper.sh script from within the mrs_singularity directory. This will mount this repository into the users home directory in the container. 

Before development, the repository must be built as a catkin project, which will generate all the needed files to expose this package to the ros ecosystem. To do this, run the 'catkin_make' command from the root of this repo. This will generate and populate build and devel directories. This will need to be done after all changes to packages and their components. 

When you first begin a development session, you will need to source the setup.bash files generated by the catkin_make process. These can be found in the devel directory. Just do a './devel/setup.bash'. This must be done every time you open the container to begin a development session. 

All of the running of nodes and calling-of-catkin-commands will be done within the singularity containers session, not on the host machine. All editing of files can be done on the host machine, through this mounted directory. 

# Current Example
Currently, there is only one example script/node in the package, a listener that doesn't really listen, it just says hello world. 